Isrumnon patch 3 (#8589)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/Get-CsOnlineUser.md

By definition, users homed on the on-premises version will always have a TenantId equal to 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000.
Users homed on Skype for Business Online will a TenantId that is equal to some value other than 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000.

**Note:**

> Beginning TPM 2.6.2 onwards, the below updates are applicable for TeamsOnly customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning Microsoft Teams PowerShell version 2.6.2 onwards, the below updates are applicable for TeamsOnly customers.
```
